Hello everyone and welcome to the course notebooks lecture.
A quick note you should go to the resource section of this lecture for the link to the course.
No there will be two links one to the viewer.
The python that or link the notebooks and then also one to the Direct github repository link.
I suggest you always check out the view of the Python the orch first because it looks a lot cleaner
and loads faster.
But in case that one goes down when it does go down it's because there's too many people using it.
It doesn't happen often but has happened in the past.
Then you can go ahead and go straight to github which is almost never down.
But that being said go ahead and click the end be viewer link and it'll take you to the resource section
for the course.
Notebooks are going to go ahead and jump to that now.
All right everyone we're here at the end of Bieger at the Python the link for the course's repository
for all the notebooks.
The other link will take you to the hub which is in this tab here.
As you notice there's a lot more going on here and it's not as pretty.
So I always suggest checking out and of or the IPART from the org first.
Also the notebooks tend to load much faster on this Web site versus on hub but notebooks can be read
there or both and be viewer and hub.
So let's go ahead and go over one example would look like.
For particular lecture in the course.
Let's say here in the linked lists section of the course you will just go ahead and click the folder
that is named after that section and you'll see.
Python books are Jupiter notebooks that are IPY and B files.
These are notebooks that are associated for lecture of the same name.
So if you have a lecturer such as linked list overview which is basically the first lecture in that
section of the course which does a very quick overview or doing you should get this brief note book
and if you click on it you'll get this notebook which is just a brief overview of the topics we cover
in this course.
For more technical lectures do you go back here.
Maybe we do a double linked list implementation.
You can go ahead and click that I'll open a new tab and you'll see here where we have comments and all
the example code.
Now we go over in the video.
So if you're feeling more advanced of a programmer or you already know a topic pretty well then you
can just go ahead and check out the notebook.
Run through it.
Do you have any questions then you can go ahead and check out the video where I explain every line of
the code and code it out with you.
All right let's go ahead and jump back.
Here we are.
A quick no.
Some notebooks that are associated the lecture where the lecturer doesn't have a lot of code.
With more on theory if you click that for instance the W links lists lecture you'll notice I'll say
refer to the video lecture for the full explanation.
So the reason for that is we don't really do a lot of coding in that lecture and it's really a bunch
of figures that are hard to put in a Jupiter notebook format.
So if you ever see this you should definitely refer to the video lecture for the full information on
that topic.
Let's go ahead and close these.
So again here is the repository.
If this link is ever down this would be viewers link which is should favorite.
By the way then you can just go ahead and go to the link.
And this should almost never be down and you'll get the same thing.
So if we go a linked list here then we click.
For instance on the linked list implementation you'll notice it takes a little longer to load.
It'll still render and you can get it here.
One thing to know in case you're interested in downloading the notebooks you can always just go to a
notebook for instance double linked lists here are double Englis implementation and click the download
button here.
So you also have a link to the direct github but if you click this right mudslinger let me go ahead
and zoom in on it.
So you get the stropped down.
You'll get a download notebook if you really zoomed in.
It looks like this is going to zoom back out.
It's right here top corner just left click and you should be downloading a IPY and B file but that wherever
you're storing the rest of your notebooks then then you should be able to see it when you start the
Jupiter notebook server.
If you want to check out that particular view or excuse me Jupiter note book in get home.
You can click the link here.
Also open it in the new tab and it will take you to this right here which is that same book just there
and get one quick note.
You should really be using Chrome or Mozilla Firefox.
I highly suggest Chrome this rendering of notebooks and just Jubran notebooks by themselves don't tend
to work well.
Internet Explorer or other browsers.
So just keep that in mind.
One last note is if you're interested in downloading all the notebooks for the entire repo you can go
ahead and click back to the original link.
Click here and get a view on it.
It's this little octo cat and you click it.
It'll take you this page right here and you can click download zip and that will allow you to download
a zip of all the folders and files.
Keep in mind we may be adding new stuff in the future so you may have to read download.
I suggest Fusion just download as you need them or copy and paste from the notebooks themselves.
Let's go ahead and go back for one quick note.
You'll notice that there's interview problems for almost every section of the course.
At least all the technical sections.
If you click here there's a subfolder for each section labeled that section's name and interview problems
.
So right now we're on the linked lists section of the course.
We have the lecturers that go over the theory and the notebooks that correspond to those and then we
have the interview problems.
So if I click on this folder they'll take us to two folders one will be the problems themselves and
another will be the solutions.
You can go ahead and click the interview problems and then click on let's say the first one implements
a doubly linked list and you'll get a for this interview problem.
Basically the problem statement.
Implement a node class and Shobhaa blah Englis in pretty much all of the interview problem notebooks
.
If it makes sense you can test your solution.
In this case it didn't make sense because it would basically give away the answer structure.
But let's go ahead and check one that actually has a test cell for your solution.
So we're going to have a go back here and we're going to go to the array section of the course.
So here we're array sequences.
Wrap Python for data algorithms they have struction interviews a click array sequences.
Again I have notebooks to correspond to all the theory lectures and if I click here on array sequences
interview questions I'll get to similar folders.
The solutions and the question to themselves is good and clicked questions and here's the first one
anagram check.
So you're given the problem statements and you'll be asked to fill out your solution below.
Just keep in mind you may get special notes or requirements on certain problems.
You fill out your solution below.
There may be examples of what it should look like.
So for instance for this anagram Dogon God should say truth since those are anagrams.
Clint Eastwood an old west action.
These strings are also anagrams so they should be true.
You'll learn more about this later on the sequence.
Get what I want to get to here is there will be a test your solution section.
So once you've actually filled out your solution here and this function you can run the cell to test
your solution.
I'll give you all test cases pass.
That way you can test to see if your solution is working without having to jump to the entire solution
and essentially cheating yourself of figuring it out on your own.
All right.
So if we go back and check out what the solution looks like let's go back one more.
We can click on the solutions folder.
Click anagram check solution.
So the solution is pretty much always in all caps just to make sure you don't accidentally click on
solution ever.
Here we have the anagram solution.
You'll have the same problem statement but you'll notice there's some explanation as to what we do in
the solution.
And then there's also code for it.
I'll go ahead and hide that real quickly since you will have to do this interview problem later on.
We'll go ahead and go back.
So a quick note.
We always go over the entire solution and the video lecture.
So in case you don't understand the notebook explanation I will explain it line by line in the video
solution lecture.
So just keep that in mind.
All right so one quick note.
Going back to this interview notebook and the problem note book I really want to make sure you guys
all understand how to run and test your solutions.
So now let's look in the next lecture.
What we're actually going to be doing is creating our own example interview notebook.
All right.
So I'll see the next lecture.
We're going to create an example interview notebook.
This this next lectures optional but I do recommend you check it out so you fully understand how to
use these interview notebooks.
All right.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture